this is Neil Patel
helping you succeed through online
marketing all right so we're going to
talk about why in-person podcasts Crush
online podcasts so recently some context
here Neil and I recorded for the first
time actually in three years in person
because we've been gone for so long yeah
what Eric means by online versus uh in
person is instead of us just recording
like we are right now I'm in Brazil
right now he's in La we're on
riverside.fm and we're just recording
he's talking about I went to Eric's
house we had a crew there that was
recording us for both audio and video
and we're just shooting the for
probably two hours and just recording
podcast episodes and having fun so Eric
why do you think in person does better
than online other than the fact that
when it's in person you can riff off of
each other's emotions or body language
or energy
I think the big thing so I'll tell you
this if you look at my Ig usually my
reels don't perform that well and when
I've been uploading the clips from this
one
because our energy is so natural right
it was the storytelling that came from
you and me was like way better right and
I don't know why that is maybe it's
because we're together but it made it
was fun like we're enjoying each other's
company and I guess you can feel that
energy permeating out but if I had to
pick one thing to me it's very crystal
clear that our storytelling was just
better
yeah it's easier to rip off of each
other when you're in person than and
versus doing it on the internet the
other thing too is you know a lot of
people are like oh yeah you can talk
about Trends and the latest things well
you can do that if you're recording
online as well but the big thing is is
that it's just a different type of
recording and energy it's hard for me to
explain but just the feeling is just
like doing something live
creates a totally different output than
doing it online and maybe it's just zoom
fatigue that a lot of us feel or even me
like I'm in Brazil I've literally spoken
this is Friday that we're recording it I
spoke Thursday in Brazil I spoke
Wednesday in Brazil I spoke Tuesday in
Toronto and I spoke Monday in Toronto
four days of speaking kind of get burnt
out especially when you're starting to
do more things online this is like you
get that Zoom fatigue or that conference
calling fatigue but when I speak in
person even if it was those four days it
was exhausting but my energy in person
when people are in front of me and I'm
interacting with them is totally night
and day different and it's the same with
Eric I've seen him online because we've
done tons of these recordings versus in
person where we're both on stage like
we're going to be at uh hubspot's
inbound event this year it's just
totally different vibe yeah I mean we've
done it a couple times this year we're
together at affiliate World Dubai we're
next to each other HubSpot as well and
then we had SAS open this year where
we're back to back and you feed off the
crowd's energy you feed off of each
other's energy and then you end up
having a better performance and you end
up actually affecting people's lives and
you build real relationships and that to
me is the gold and that's why I've been
podcasting for over 10 years you
actually bring up a good point all the
podcasts I've done in person with other
people like I go to their student record
my relationships with those people are
much stronger versus the ones I've done
online and I know this is going to be
sound a little bit bad but I've done so
many of these online podcast recordings
because I do I'm not talking about you
and I just like other people request me
to be on their podcast I probably do
three or four a week where it kind of
Blends in and people like oh thanks for
getting my podcast and I'm so grateful
for people inviting me on my podcast but
sometimes it's hard for me to remember
the ones I do in person I tend to
remember all those individuals their
name what they do and my relationships
with them is much deeper now if you have
any questions leave a comment below I'm
here to answer them and help you out if
you enjoyed the video like it share tell
people about it thank you very much